Update start_all.rst (#1044)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/start_all.rst

**-j dashboard** Allows adding dashboards to Grafana, multiple parameters are supported.

> **-c grafana environment variable** Grafana allows overridden its configuration from the environment. The ``-c`` flag, allows adding an environment variable to Grafana and altering its configuration by doing so.

Reviewer: The meaning of what needs to be written here is  that you can override Grafana's configuration using the environment (specifically environment variables)

> **-c grafana environment variable** Grafana allows its environment configuration to be overridden. The ``-c`` flag, allows adding an environment variable to Grafana and altering its configuration by doing so.

Author: ```suggestion
**-c grafana environment variable** Use this parameter to override Grafana's configuration settings.  The ``-c`` flag allows adding an environment variable to Grafana and by doing so alters its configuration.
```
